To use JavaCUP and JFlex is necessary to have the .jar file in the directory.
To Add the configuration to use the tool( JFlex and JavaCup ) in IntelliJ is needed to do the following instruction:
	File -> Project Structure -> Moduels -> +.
In the directory "srcjflexcup" there are the full instructions in Italian language. 
	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Technical specifications
    See the "t_specifications" read.me file in the directory.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
TOOLS:

	° Lexer generated by JFlex 
	° Parser generated by JavaCUP
	° these file are in "srcjflexcup" directory. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SINTAX TREE:

	° Sintax Tree was constructed using LR-Parsing concepts. The Java classes
	used to do this is belongs to "javax.xml.parsers" library.
	° the Package called "syntaxTree" contains all grammar node types needed to
	construct the tree.
	° the Class which creates the Syntax Tree is "testerParser".

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEMANTIC ANALYSIS and C Translation

	° To semantic analysis and C Translation I implemented the Visitor Design Pattern on Syntax Tree. 
	° The package called "Scope" contains classes like SymbolTable or TypeSystem.
	° the Class which does the Semantic Analysis is "testerSemantic".
	° the Class which does the C Translation is "testerC".
------------------------------------------------------------------------
VISITOR

	° the "visitor" package contains the necessary classes and interfaces to implement the visitor
	pattern
	° Visitable
	° Visitor
	° CVisitor
	° SemanticVisitor
------------------------------------------------------------------------

TEST FILES
	
	° file txt in "test_file" directory. 








